c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\bin\Debug\ServerRemote.exe
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\bin\Debug\ServerRemote.pdb
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\bin\Debug\ServerRemote.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\obj\Debug\ServerRemote.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\obj\Debug\ServerRemote.Resources.resources
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\obj\Debug\ServerRemote.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\obj\Debug\ServerRemote.exe
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\obj\Debug\ServerRemote.xml
c:\users\acer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\obj\Debug\ServerRemote.pdb
C:\Users\ACER\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\ACER\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\ACER\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\obj\Debug\ServerRemote.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\ACER\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\obj\Debug\ServerRemote.MediaPlayerRemote.resources
C:\Users\ACER\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\ACER\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\ACER\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\obj\Debug\ServerRemote.RemoteDesktopServer.resources
C:\Users\ACER\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\obj\Debug\ServerRemote.RemoteDesktopView.resources
C:\Users\ACER\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\obj\Debug\ServerRemote.PesanRemote.resources
C:\Users\ACER\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\obj\Debug\ServerRemote.MenuMaster.resources
C:\Users\ACER\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\obj\Debug\ServerRemote.Chat.resources
C:\Users\ACER\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServerRemote\ServerRemote\obj\Debug\ServerRemote.Server.resources
